Remove references to old versions (#730)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/manage-clusters/manage-cluster-templates.md

## RKE2 Cluster Template

> The example repository for an RKE2 cluster template is [here](https://github.com/rancher/cluster-template-examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example repository for an [RKE2 cluster template](https://github.com/rancher/cluster-template-examples).
```
